CO-3342 add note that unsubscribe events are optional (#9068)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_user_guide/personalization_and_dynamic_content/catalogs/catalog_triggers/back_in_stock_notifications.md

    <br> ![Catalog settings drawer.][2]{: style="max-width:70%;"}
    - **Fallback Catalog** This is the catalog that will be used for the back-in-stock subscription, if there is no `catalog_name` property present on the custom event.
    - **Custom event for subscriptions** is the Braze custom event that will be used to subscribe a user for back-in-stock notifications. When this event occurs, the user that performed the event will be subscribed.

>     - **Custom event for unsubscribing** is the Braze custom event that will be used to unsubscribe a user from back-in-stock notifications. This event is optional. If the user does not perform this event, they will be unsubscribed after 90 days or when the back-in-stock event triggers, whichever happens first.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **Custom event for unsubscribing** is the Braze custom event that will be used to unsubscribe a user from back-in-stock notifications. This event is optional. If the user doesn't perform this event, they'll be unsubscribed after 90 days or when the back-in-stock event triggers, whichever occurs first.
```
